---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2023-06-22
title: 4 – Hot Hand Fallacy – Part 3
---
## Thursday the 17th of March


## Recap from last session
### Wednesday the 16th of March
*Opening Montage*: Mira mournes the death of her husband Solomon Grunderson who died six years ago from radiation poisoning while working at Cyrus Power.

*Downtime*: Peya fixes up the Rook and Pawn from the recent break-ins. Jerry builds devices to capture animals. Dante plans on going up to the mountain. Triston trains against the dogs and birds of Catalina. Mira spends time mourning over Solomon.

Dante goes up to the mountain and meets an old man sitting on the bank of a stream fishing. Says he saw a shadow of Dante continue up the trail. Says his name is "The Fisherman". 

Dante sees his shadow dissolve next to a giant tree. He casts shadows at the tree and his ring begins to vibrate. The shadows form into a mirror and Dante's reflection asks if he has what it takes. The shadow chops off his arm and he now has a shadow arm. Triston ran up the mountain and helped him recover from the attack. Both Dante and Triston both hear "was it worth it?" as Triston just misses getting shot.

They rush down the mountain to Mira's place. Where Mira treats Dante's stump. Dante decides to quit teaching. Mira takes care of Triston's vertigo with some crackers.

We meet up at midnight at the reservation to meet up with Sheriff Pokoli. Jerry and and Peya get there first and Peya inspects the Sheriff's truck. It has a dreamcatcher on the back window and animal cages in back. Mira, Triston, and Dante show up and Jerry is immediately suspicious of Dante.

Dante and Jerry get into a fight and Dante gets hurt trying touch Jerry's boomerang. We're going to visit a shaman. We pile in the back of his truck. During the trip we see the wealth disparity between the casino and the rest of the reservation.

We leave the town and walk for about 30 minutes. In a clearing we see the shaman.

The shaman says that we're here to hunt the skinwalkers. We need to succeed both spiritually and physically. Everyone takes a puff on the pipe and end up sharing a fever dream.

We cross the river to the west and walk through the desert. A tent has been ripped open and there is dried blood. Jerry investigates and sees animal tracks. Peya talks to the spirit in the tent and the spirit says that a beast killed him with sharp claws and teeth.

We follow the beast. Dante transforms into a bird to scout it out and lands on Jerry. Jerry becomes shaken instead of delirious.

Triston and Mira head into the nest. Jerry stays outside to watch. It seems like everything goes shades red and white. We wake up next to the shaman and feast on chicken.

*End Credits*: Gideon Roberts is doubled over and he is crawling as he puts a blood soaked envelope in a mailbox as he fires two shots off screen as he then runs off really slow.