---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2023-11-16
title: 7 – Decalescence – Part 1
---
## Wednesday the 23rd of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*


## Recap from last session
### Tuesday the 22nd of March
*Opening Monologue*: After finishing up a long shift at Ardeal Court, Mira leaves the hospital. She can't get the golem fight out of her head and sees her dead husband Solomon in every reflection and shadow. She cries at the park feeling like she's let Solomon down by being a hypocrite living her double life as a doctor and a vampire. Afterwards she heads back home, hoping to find Bianca and Alicia there after whatever party they must've been out at.

### Session
In the morning after the stakeout, the 86ers get back together and Lee asks who owns this building, and the guard Kristopher shuts him down. The building is owned by the Cyrus Corporation and is private property. Triston talks to Sean the blind assassin. "I'm blind, not dumb", he was watching Triston and Peya during their stakeout. He lets them know that the mine is called the Crypts. A man in a white trench coat goes into the Crypts. Dante follows him. Lee uses earth magic to find the entrance. Lee is pretty sure that there are 2 sets of footprints and something that was dragged through.

Down the stairs and into a large room we find the man in a white trench coat looking up at Kristopher who is hanging from the ceiling by a noose. He says, "You guys are early". As he turns around we see a pistol on his hip, and Triston recognizes him. He says, "Joshua would appreciate that". We hear a scream from one of the doors leading out of the room. Peya and Mira go towards the scream and after they pass the door, the white trench coat man shoots the door closed. "My birthday is today and I wanted a present." It also happens to be Triston's birthday (March 22nd 1983).

Kristopher struggles in his noose, and Dante tries to cut him down, but Kristopher appears to not be able to die. Lee tries to attack trench coat (Knives), Triston shoots the gun out of his hand. Knives pulls out a second gun and shoots Kristopher in the head.

Dante summons a green dinosaur and the dinosaur bites off Knives left arm and he drops the six-shooter. Knives pulls his main gun back into his hand. Lee tries to help Kristopher by raising up the marble but it doesn't work. Knives shoots at Lee but he dodges it. Triston rushes to catch the bullet and falls into the pit Lee made. Dante cuts down Kristopher, but in the commotion Knives appears to have vanished.

Mira and Peya rush down the hallway and come into a room that appears to have religious significance. The vampire hooligans had been in this room, but they've all been killed. 

Richard Sephiroth Jones stands behind a bound Bianca and Alisha. He threatens everyone and Mira attempts to hit Richard and hits him good and sets herself up to protect Bianca and Alicia. Peya confuses Richard as to where the girls are. He pulls out his sword and starts chanting something that sounds familiar and starts glowing. Mira attempts to siphon off his power as Mira gets a sword to the face and she crumples.

*End Credits* Camera switches to Mira's POV as her vision starts to fade to black.

Knives is missing his right hand, and his missing hand still has the six shooter in it. Next to Knives was a girl with a fake eye. "That was a close one, I was almost unable to save you."