---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2023-10-05
title: 6 – Burning Hunger – Part 2
---
## Sunday the 20th of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*

## Recap from last session
### Sunday the 20th of March
*Opening Monologue*: Triston feels like he is lacking in his ability to protect his friends. After the event with the skin walker he felt like he really needs to change. Triston hopes that owning a gun that he can protect his friends. He goes to the Rook and Pawn and asks Peya for a firearm. He picks a 45 long colt.

### Session
Dante is at his apartment, taking it easy recovering from the surgery. Lee checks in on Claire at Ardeal Court. Meets a stranger with a scar who thought this was Breann's room. Mira doesn't find out too much about Cyrus Security in between her shifts. She gets a call from Bianca about a bloody package that was delivered and they already opened the package. Peya is finishing recovering from her wounds.

Triston has been in the hospital for a day recovering, but he is worried about someone finding the gun in the van. He runs into Detective Pierce who wants to meet with the gang.

We go to Detective Pierce's office, and his secretary says we need to go to this address to meet him. We get to the house and we see a number of police officers. There have been a series of murders that have the same M.O. They seem to be drained of blood. All the victims had been friends.

We enter the small manor. There aren't a lot of pictures, just paintings. Triston looks at a painting and the main painting is of the four friends.

After investigating we learn that there were more than two wounds on her neck, she died angry, and she suffered from some blunt trauma, but there aren't any scars. There was a bloody coin in a shoe with someone elses blood. Nothing else appears to have been taken from the house, and there wasn't a forced entry. There was a muddy foot print in the closet of the master bedroom.

On one side of the coin is a 7 with two hatches on the left side (the coin is similar to the ones used by the continental). The other side is a face. As the body is getting removed from the house someone pulls the blanket up and the body catches on fire. Her name was Nevada Taylor.

Officer Justice and Law take us to the other crime scene. We get to a small home, three bedrooms. The three friends were killed outside of this house tied to chairs. Peya finds a wildlife camera taped to a sequoia that Officers Law and Justice can get footage from. There is one shot that has a white truck in it.

We drive to the morgue. And Detective Pierce lets us in. We look at the bodies. Their names were Craygan Moore, Cassius Bloom, and Raven Simons. Wounds all around the neck.