---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2023-10-19
title: 6 – Burning Hunger – Part 3
---
## Sunday the 20th of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits* 

## Recap from last session
### Sunday the 20th of March
*Opening Monologue*: Lee reviewed the documents in his folder trying to get an edge on this case. He can't find any legal documents about his house, only a bill that says it was sold to the Mayor. He looked at his notebook about how to get into the house. Flynt keeps giving him names of his friends that they should find. Lee just needs to get through the front door.

### Session
We leave the morgue and head to Mira's house. Her house was broken into. Bianca and Alicia are missing. Inside the bloody package was a mini cassette. We listen to it at the Rook and Pawn. Gideon Roberts informs us that he has given up looking into the Excision because it was too hard.

Mira's keyfob doesn't work when we check up at Saguarro Insurance so we turn in for the night.

Peya on her way home meets a person sharpening a long katana wearing sunglasses. His name is Shawn. He is checking to see if the rumors are true that she has a mirror, if so there is a 5 million bounty on her head. He flips out a folding walking stick and leaves. Peya looks into Shawn and learns of the blind assassin who works inside of Catalina.

### Monday the 21st of March
Back at Saguarro Insurance we find out Gideon retired last Friday. Jarnathan took over his case load and isn't aware of the case we had been investigating. He gives us some of Gideon's belongings including a piece ot tape that says "The Gatekeepers are Watching".

At the police department we see officer's Justice and Law. We get a thumb drive with the footage from the nature camera. We see a guy with long white hair, wearing a whip and a sword on his back. We see the other three for only a few seconds. They were drug out of the truck already beat up. They had run the license plate and got an address in the Foothills.

We head to the address. It is a pretty big mansion, but the truck is not in the driveway. We wait for Officer's Law and Justice to be available before going inside.

We meet with Jeff Bridges the technomancer and trade the cassette for a crystal. There was a message on the cassette saying something about Caine and the destruction of Catalina. Lee finds his friend Mud. Mira calls her landlord to get the door fixed.

We head to the house and see that the door has been kicked in. We enter the house. It is trashed and hear movement upstairs. A fight breaks out between a large man upstairs whose mouth is sewn shut, some animated armor and the 86ers.

Peya creates illusions to distract the armor. Lee pins the armor to the wall. Triston finds a large hourglass in the attic that looks like it will go off soon with a large explosion of light. Dante wraps green energy around the hourglass.

The golem tries to grab Peya, but her illusion confuses it. Lee holds the Golem, and Mira tries to hypnotize the Golem but is wracked with guilt since she thinks this golem is from Cyrus Security.

Peya searches the mansion and discovers that Richard is the owner. She looks for evidence on why they took the girls, and it appears that he has a deep seated hatred for himself. 

Dante enchants Triston's bullets and Triston shoots the golem in the head non-lethally. A bright light goes off in the attic and it looks like Dante's power was able to contain it. Then the golem collapses.