---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2023-11-09
title: 6 – Burning Hunger – Part 4
---
## Monday the 21st of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*


## Recap from last session
### Monday the 21st of March
*Opening Monologue*: Zoom into the highway leading into Catalina. Five years ago, Richard is sitting on his motorcycle "Catalina, I never thought I'd come back here, but I have unfinished business with my father. But I need to reclaim my title as the prince, and show this city what needs to be done." He comes into Catalina and goes to the mansion. It is all boarded up, but over the next five years it gets cleaned up.

### Session
Triston and Lee are "help" Peya look for information about other potential victims. Peya learns that Richard is interested in the Rock Bottom, nobody in particular, but they are definitely vampires.

Dante explores the hourglass trap in the attic and finds nothing. Mira discovers that there is a substantial amount of cleaned up blood in front of and under one bookcase. Dante sees that the hourglass resets.

The light goes off and everyone is blinded and Mira is burned. Officers Justice and Law call an ambulance.

Lee smashes the bookcase and reveals stairs going down. Down below there is a map of the underground of Catalina from the 1890s. We find that same symbol of the seven with two dashes just like on the coin. The underground area is a torture chamber and there is a glass coffin with the top broken off of it. Lee takes the map off of the wall.

We drive to the morgue to see if the three bodies are still there. Security prevents us from going back to the morgue. Triston tries to convince them to let him in, and they let us in. The bodies are still there and their teeth definitely are vampire teeth.  Mira goes to work on her shift so she doesn't get in trouble with the 86ers plans. Lots of discussions occur about if vampires die can they now be seen in mirrors? Ultimately they think that the college students are dead because the hunter killed them. And they let the security know that the killer might come back to the bodies.

Peya and Triston stake out at the Rock Bottom and discover a distinct old shop that matches up with the old map as a potential entrance into Catalina's underground. There is a man standing guard at the building.

*End Credits* Jerry is going through an intake program at a psych ward.