---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2024-01-04
title: 8 – Desert Venus – Part 1
---
## Thursday the 24th of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*


## Recap from last session
### Tuesday the 22nd of March
*Opening Monologue*: Easy day at work when you're a lazy sleuth. Triston's son spotted a donut store. Outside of the store Triston sees a former friend. He said that Triston only had one day left, and should get away. Triston didn't believe him, and when he left his apartment the next morning, he forgot all about his life. Knives erased his memory, and has been keeping an eye on Triston ever since. Now that Triston has a gun, Knives is now watching him to make sure he doesn't get in the way.

### Session
Entering the door, the 86ers see Richard smash his sword into Mira. Triston shoots at Richard, right in the chest. As he falls, everything slows down and everyone passes out.

Peya wakes up and calls Mira, Bianca picks up the phone and she is just in tears. "She's dead, weren't you there? There were two dead bodies. The funeral is going to be this Saturday." Bianca and Alicia aren't sure what they're going to do now. Peya gets it set up for Bianca and Alicia to hang out at her place.

Lee found the djinn Ember, but they don't remember what happened after Richard killed Mira. Everyone heads over to the Rook and Pawn. Sean is hanging out across the street. There are burn marks around his eyes.

Questioning Sean the 86ers learn that the Gatekeeprs took them all home last night. Gatekeepers ensure that balance is maintained throughout the mist. They don't work against you, just make sure things stay in balance. There is a possibility that the excision could have just been performed by gatekeepers. 

Sean met a gatekeeper and lost his sight from that fight. He fought them because they tried to erase someone important to him. And he was able to make sure she is still around.

During that discussion Detective Perry walks in and introduces himself. We hear cars skid down the road getting closer. We see a white sports car heading towards the Rook and Pawn. Lee tries to strengthen the crash guards. The car crashes and we see a black SUV speed past.

Perry gets to the car and finds a younger woman in her 20's blonde hair, blue eyes. "Flynn don't trust them." And she hands him an envelope. 911 doesn't get there in time and she dies. Dante attempts to speak with the dead girl and asks, "who ran you off the road?" "My employee did. The Cyrus security company. Somebody is coming." Dante takes necrotic damage from the spirit but learns that her name is Lisa Paige. He pockets her security badge for Cyrus Security.

In the envelope, Perry finds a picture of a man, it doesn't ring a bell, but on it is written, "He is still alive." Perry shows the picture to the rest of the group, and it is a picture of Anton Levron.

Police come and ask some simple questions. Triston asks them to tell Detective Pierce that we had nothing to do with it. Detective Pierce might call him "Trash-can".

The group decides to go back to the crypts to see what they can learn. Under the cover of darkness, they discover that there are four people guarding the crypt. The guards are wearing red letterman jackets with red baseball caps with crowns on them. Perry and Peya guide the group around the Queen's Guard.

Inside the crypts the 86ers discover that the area has been boarded up, but they work their way through and find a latina, along with three Queen's Guards. Dante asks "What are you doing here?" while Perry gets past them with his search warrant.

The latina is Reina Roja, the other candidate running for mayor. She is finding evidence about the current mayor who made a lot of deals down here. She's just looking for a keepsake that used to be hers.

Dante asks if Cyrus security works for the mayor. "Everyone knows that Cyrus security has done this" and she is now a little hostile. The back door slams closed and something rushes towards Dante. Dante prepares to protect himself and shoves what is coming towards him toward the wall. It happens to be Mira who has been trapped in the crypts after waking up after dying the other day. Reina knows about Richard Jones.

*End Credits* We see Richard walking out of the Crypts while it was still light out, he slowly goes to his Harley and pulls out a mirror and sees a reflection of himself.