---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2024-03-07
title: 8 – Desert Venus – Part 3
---
## Sunday the 27th of March
*Opening Monologue*: 

### Session


## Admin
Next session is the ?? of March.
??? has the monologue

## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*: 

## Recap from last session

### Saturday the 26th of March
*Opening Monologue*: It was late but not too late. Most of the people in the apartment had gone to bed. Dante went room by room turning off the lights and went to bed. He was feeling pretty tired. But he couldn't sleep. He heard a soft voice say, "we can't sleep can't we?" Dante tries to go to bed, but the voice in his head says he'll be abandoned. "She lied to us, Mira lied to us. No one could survive that." Dante thought that the conversation was over, but the voice came back and said that "it is time for us to meet."

### Session
Triston goes into the Continental during a dead period and talks to Marcus to get a contract. He is an elderly gentleman dressed in a smoking jacket looking at some paperwork. If Triston can get a special gold coin from Jeff the Technomancer, he'll give Triston 5 special gold pieces. Shannon (the Machinist) will accept this.

When Lee wakes up, he hears a knock at the door. The man at the door gives him a letter and then leaves. When Lee opens it up he finds out that he has a summons about being under investigation for Real Estate fraud.

At the Rook and Pawn. Peya is putting away some ornamental daggers on shelves. And then in the back office looks at the mirror. The phone rings, a man introduces himself as Jason and says he knows a guy who can fix mirrors. Downtown, the Broker can fix antiques at the Antique Shop.

Dante shows up and Peya fills him in on the phone call. Then Lee and Triston shows up. If people know we have mirror, we could be in trouble. Then Mira shows up. We jump in our cars and head over to Rock Bottom. At the fountain we see a woman. Lee asks if she is Avianna Dyer. She gets up to leave, but we convince her that we're not going to hurt her. She thought that Scarlett was dead, and we then informed her that Lisa was killed. She said that Scarlett had been killed in an explosion. We take the conversation away from the fountain. She had been looking into the destruction of Rock Bottom. We give her Scarlett's number and let her know that Levron is still alive.

Dante as a bird sees the police come to the fountain as they talk to Jimmy. Jimmy rats out bird-Dante and he takes off.

We head over to Downtown to visit the Broker. Lee calls Scarlett and lets her know that Avianna is alive. He gets more information about Scarlett's supposed death. Turns out she wasn't where she was supposed to be and wasn't killed. Lisa kept it a secret. We'll meet her at the Rook and Pawn tomorrow at 11:00 to exchange information.

We make it Downtown and Triston gets a text message on his Hello Kitty phone with the address to the Antique shop. We don't see the shop, so we park in the area. As we walking down the street, it feels different than when we just drove by. We see an older building labelled Antique Shop. We feel super disoriented.

Peya goes through the door first. It smells of heavy incense, and is super hazy in here. Peya sees an old Chinese man stroking his beard. He offers Peya all sorts of knick-knacks. He does have some mirrors in the store. "Thirteen point star mirrors sell for quite a pretty penny." He fixes mirrors for free because of his contract. Peya pulls out the mirror and asks for it to be fixed. We should come back tomorrow to pick it up.

We head over to the Technomancer. We see a black SUV with two people wearing suits. The pit is still there with cones around it. Triston goes over to the SUV and has a staring contest with the men in suits. They glare at him. Triston goes up to the garden shed.

"Do they know?" this is just like my dream. The Technomancer is super trippy. Triston asks if he has a gold coin. The Technomancer says the only thing it could be is the treasure map. The label on the map says Gold Coin. Triston says he'll make the SUV go away.

Triston talks to the security guys and they are super confused. They are just waiting for someone finishing golf. Triston unrolls the map and sees that the golf map is taped to the inside. The 18th hole has an 'x' marked on it. Triston finds the gold coin and on the back of the coin is a red dagger.

*End Credits* We see a tree in the distance past the SUV. We see the Technomancer looking at a homeless man and not focusing on the SUV.