---
tags: [recap, city of mist]
date: 2024-01-25
title: 8 – Desert Venus – Part 2
---
## Friday The 25th of March
*Opening Monologue*:


### Session
#### Downtime
Lee: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Peya: 



## Admin
Next session is the 8th of February, and then the 22nd.
 has the monologue

## Geeking Out
Peya: 
Dante: 
Triston: 
Mira: 
Lee: 

*End Credits*


## Recap from last session

### Tuesday the 22nd of March
*Opening Monologue*: Camera pans up to Pomegranite Park. There is a section here where the homeless play chess. Seated at one of the tables is a 40 year old hispanic man looking at the chess board. He is stroking a venus fly-trap. A black SUV comes up and Moki comes out of one wearing a suit. He walks to the homeless man, "Moki? Cyrus got you working for them now?". "I'd prefer not to talk about it." Moki sits down and says that the 86ers are a bigger threat than we originally thought. Enrique (Navarro), we just need one more pawn to reinforce our positions. He pulls out six gold coins to Enrique. "Six, there is only five of them." "The sixth one is for the girl."

### Session
Cut to a CRT computer terminal. Hear keys typing. On screen is displays Connecting to Cyrus Security. Connected.

Cut to Dante, holding Knives arm (The Blade). He gets a sample ready to take to the police station. He hears a knock at the door and sees that it is Sean. Sean holds up a letter with a wax seal on it. The seal is a dagger with a drop of blood. The other side of the coin is a 13 point star. Sean gives the letter to Dante saying that we've been summoned by the Continental. Bounty: 1,000,000 and gold on Alt-F4 Life, by Cyrus Security. You have to get the bounty. Prominent Hacker is Alt-F4 Life. If Sean knew where this hacker was than he would be caching in right now.

Cut to Lee, he is showing them a house. Waiting for the client to show up. A car drives up. A nice limousine. Out comes Holly Zen (the DA for Catalina). "Lets see the house." She walks in and during the pitch cuts off Lee. Why are you looking into Jackson Paneer. She's not interested in the sale. "I'm not looking into him specifically, just the owner of the mansion" You need to stop, and if you don't stop I'm going to make things difficult. She takes out a handkerchief, wipes her hands and then leaves.

Cut to Triston, received a tip that there was a specialized gunsmith in the tourist district. Shannon Whitney is cleaning the barrels in the store. He browses the wares and calls Peya since he bought her last gun from her, but didn't want to offend her. Peya recommends a pistol. Shannon asks, "You want to kill something that can't be killed and take out werewolves?" Yeah I got something. It might cost you five gold. But you're not looking for a gun, you're looking for ammunition. He takes the ammunition on layaway for 5 gold pieces within two weeks. He gets 30 rounds that have special symbols engraved into the bullets.

Peya's Questions: The CEO of Cyrus Security is Cyrus (the fourth) Rolland. Cyrus Rolland is the Blade (Knives). Most of their clients tend to be government related (Mayor, and DA). Cyrus was founded in the 1800s.

Back at the Rook and Pawn. A young blonde lady with cherry red lips comes in. She looks at Peya and asks if we were around for her sisters death. Can I meet up with you guys later today at a restaurant with reservations.

Cut to a nicer sit down restaurant. She is already there and is wearing her sunglasses. She has been crying a lot. Mira gives Lisa Paige's sister (Scarlett) a handkerchief. I apologize for interrupting your day. Lisa had been digging into Cy-Sec and found some damning things while working there. Cy-Sec was focused on a woman named Avianna Dyer (the target of the Arsonist). She became homeless and was living in Rock-Bottom. Triston has heard of her in passing. Scarlett gives her card to the group. Mira gives Scarlett information on a grievance counselor.

That evening we head on over to Rock-Bottom. Lee checks MLS to learn about her previous address. He learns that police had investigated it recently, but for no known reason. Lee reaches out to his contacts and found someone who knew someone who talked to Avianna. Triston covers a lot of ground and sees a motorcycle come up to an abandoned bank. We head on over to the dusty bank. The motorcyclist (Priscilla Delacruz) has plugged into the ATM. Lee introduces himself, and explains that we're looking for an Avianna Dyer. Pricilla has a contact that knows information about Cy-Sec. The contact is Alt-F4-Life.

As we leave, Dante pulls out the letter about the contract we've been hired for. We continue the look for Avianna. Last sighting was next to a dried up fountain. Keeping low-key. The fountain is where we need to look for Avianna. 

*End Credits* We see the ATM screen. No Connection.
Drumroll: Knives is the CEO of Cyrus Security!